Documentation: Add test scripts sections to Hive and StateDB docs (#37871)
cilium-team/cilium: Documentation/contributing/development/hive.rst

    scripttest.go:72: # The test hive has not been started yet, let's start it! (0.000s)
        > hive/start
    logger.go:256: level=INFO msg="SayHello() called" module=example name=foo greeting=Hello,
    scripttest.go:72: # Cells can provide custom commands (0.000s)
        > example/hello foo
        calling SayHello(foo, Hello,)
        [stdout]
        Hello, foo
        > stdout 'Hello, foo'
        matched: Hello, foo
    scripttest.go:72: # Check that call count equals 1 (0.000s)
        > example/counts
        [stdout]
        1 SayHello()
        > stdout '1 SayHello()'
        matched: 1 SayHello()
    scripttest.go:72: # The file 'foo' should not be the same as 'bar' (0.000s)
        > ! cmp foo bar
        diff foo bar
        --- foo
        +++ bar
        @@ -1,2 +1,1 @@
        -foo
        -
        +bar

    --- PASS: TestScript/example.txtar (0.00s)
    ok      github.com/cilium/cilium/contrib/examples/script        0.003s

In the test execution we can see that a temporary working directory ``$WORK`` was created
and our test files from the ``example.txtar`` extracted there. Each command was then executed
in order.

> As many of the cells bring rich set of commands it's important that they're easy to discover.
> This is helped by having a help system in place (``help``) and the ability to interactively try things out
> with the ``break`` statement. Here's what would happen if you'd add ``break`` as the last command in ``example.txtar``:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As many of the cells bring rich set of commands it's important that they're easy to discover. To find the commands available, use the ``help`` command to interactively
explore the available operations to run as part of a test. Here's what would happen if you add ``break`` as the last command in ``example.txtar``:
```

Reviewer: ^ This is a general tone/voice suggestion for docs: Directly instruct the reader what do do. This is better than just informing them it's possible to do something, as the language is simpler and more direct.

Reviewer: (I might also suggest even rewording "here's what would happen" to instead instruct the user to add the break command and then run the help command; I didn't spend much time rewording it, but even the existing suggestion is a slight improvement on the existing text IMO)

Author: Thanks, good suggestions. Applied.

.. code-block:: shell-session

  $ go test .
    ....
        @@ -1,2 +1,1 @@
        -foo
        -
        +bar

        > break

  Break! Control-d to continue.
  debug> help example
  [stdout]
  example/counts
          Show the call counts of the example module
  example/hello [--greeting=string] name
          Say hello
  
          Flags:
                --greeting string   Greeting to use (default "Hello,")

  debug> example/hello --greeting=Hei Jussi
  calling SayHello(Jussi, Hei)
  [stdout]
  Hei Jussi
  logger.go:256: level=INFO msg="SayHello() called" module=example name=Jussi greeting=Hei

Command reference
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> The important default commands are:
> 
> - ``hive``: Dump the hive object graph

Reviewer: nit: I see multiple passive references to `help`, but the text doesn't currently seem to actually instruct the reader to use this command. Maybe emphasizing in the command reference would be good enough:

```suggestion
The important default commands are:

- ``help``: List available commands
- ``hive``: Dump the hive object graph
```

Author: Added.
